feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6554a88d5af937226f4a9121.md

    const {function_body} = vigenere;    
    assert(function_body.match(/offset\s*=/));
  }
})
```

Your `offset` variable should store the value of `alphabet.index(key_char)`.

```js
({ 
  test: () => {
    const vigenere = __helpers.python.getDef(code, "vigenere");
    const {function_body} = vigenere;    
    assert(function_body.match(/offset\s*=\s*alphabet\.index\s*\(\s*key_char\s*\)/));
  }
})
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py

text = 'Hello Zaira'
custom_key = 'python'

def vigenere(message, key):
    key_index = 0
    alphabet = 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'
    encrypted_text = ''

    for char in message.lower():
    
        # Append space to the message
        if char == ' ':
            encrypted_text += char
        else:        
            # Find the right key character to encode
            key_char = key[key_index % len(key)]
            key_index += 1
--fcc-editable-region--
            
            index = alphabet.find(char)    
            new_index = (index + offset) % len(alphabet)
            encrypted_text += alphabet[new_index]
    print('plain text:', text)
    print('encrypted text:', encrypted_text)

> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer: With the editable region here, and without explicit mention in the instructions, it seems like `offset = ` should be defined after the `print`s.

---
id: 6554a88d5af937226f4a9121
title: Step 60
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-60
---

# --description--

> The `index()` function is identical to the `find()` function but it throws a `ValueError` exception if it is unable to find the substring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.index()` method is identical to the `.find()` method but it throws a `ValueError` exception if it is unable to find the substring.
```

I would suggest referring to them as methods.

> Declare a variable called `offset` and give it the value of the index that `key_char` has in `alphabet`. Use `index()` to find it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Declare a variable called `offset` and give it the value of the index that `key_char` has in `alphabet`. Use `.index()` to find it.
```

# --hints--

You should declare a variable called `offset`.

```js
({ 
  test: () => {
    const vigenere = __helpers.python.getDef(code, "vigenere");
    const {function_body} = vigenere;    
    assert(function_body.match(/offset\s*=/));
  }
})
```

> Your `offset` variable should be equal to `alphabet.index(key_char)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `offset` variable should store the value of `alphabet.index(key_char)`.
```
